Documentation on diagnostics features (#120)
autofac/Documentation: docs/best-practices/index.rst

> In order to prevent any of these risks to become a problem, it is no longer an option to update the container after construction.

Reviewer: I know this isn't a new change, but I can't unsee it.
```suggestion
In order to prevent any of these risks from becoming a problem, it is no longer an option to update the container after construction.
```
